Update text (#16661)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/performance/response-compression.md

Notes:

> * `app.UseResponseCompression` must be called before any middleware that should compress responses. For more information, see <xref:fundamentals/middleware/index#middleware-order>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `app.UseResponseCompression` must be called before any middleware that compresses responses. For more information, see <xref:fundamentals/middleware/index#middleware-order>.
```
